Love is turning his head.
Love is a necessity, not a luxury.
Love is wanting to give her the moon and the stars.
Love is wishing on a new moon, together.
Love is new ways to spot that certain feeling written and drawn by Kim Grove.
Love is where you want to be.
Love is wearing his biker jacket.
Love is sitting pretty.
Love is burning off calories, together.
Love is hoping this will bring him to heel.
Love is just too darned hot.
Love is someone to act goofy with.
Love is when you will not leave her bedside.
Love is hitting the road, together.
Love is taking one day at a time.
Love is living spontaneously, not according to a life plan.
Love is wishing the music would never stop.
Love is when your differences make no difference.
Love is waking up and seeing him next to you.
Love is when you cannot hide your feelings.
Love is his kiss to start off the new year.
Love is a lazy morning sleep-in.
Love is pooling your loose change for pizza the day before payday.
Love is when he sends you a picture of his junk.
Love is just what you need to start your day.
Love is knowing your heart in the right place.
Love is living for each other.
Love is your very comfort zone.
Love is holding on to every precious moment.
Love is going into meltdown when he kisses you.
Love is what makes everything right with your world.
Love is all about commumication.
Love is being able to share your most private thoughts.
Love is admiring her from all angles.
Love is when it is just great being together.
Love is something you can't hide from.
Love is a feeling to treasure.
Love is the sparkle he puts into your life.
Love is two minds with one thought.
Love is when his world revolves around you.
Love is when he nibbles your ear.
Love is not knowing what to do.
Love is being woken with a kiss and a cup.
Love is making waves on the beach.
Love is the good-luck mascot she gave to you.
Love is being woken with a kiss and a rose.
Love is that spark of electricity between two people.
Love is enjoing the life in the slow lane.
Love is wanting to be followed.
Love is when all you have got is soul.
Love is good for your heart.
Love is the most precious thing you can find to give.
Love is the greatest gift.
Love is a want and a need brought together.
